#+TITLE: chrome-buildbot-autoscroll
#+STYLE:<style>html { font-family: sans-serif; font-size: 12pt; }</style>
#+OPTIONS: toc:nil num:nil

Chrome extension to automatically scroll buildbot logs.

 * Download it from Chrome webstore: https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/buildbot-log-auto-scroll/achbanhpkobijjnjbcpcpkfoeiommkga
 * Source code: https://github.com/wanders/chrome-buildbot-autoscroll/

Pages with url's matching `*/builders/*/builds/*/steps/*/logs/stdio`
will get some extra key bindings (which are somewhat inspired by
less/vi). The keys are:

 * 'n' scroll forward to next error (=output on stderr).
 * 'N' scroll backward to previous error.
 * 'F' scroll to end of document and follow as more data appears.
 * 'g' scroll to beginning of document.
 * 'G' scroll to end of document.


* License

The icon is buildbot's standard icon which most likely is GPL-2
licenced.

The rest is using the MIT licence.

#+BEGIN_EXAMPLE
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE
LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION
OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Except as contained in this notice, the name(s) of the above copyright
holders shall not be used in advertising or otherwise to promote the
sale, use or other dealings in this Software without prior written
authorization.
#+END_EXAMPLE
